Add cri-o criu support (#10479)
kubernetes-sigs/kubespray: docs/vars.md

* *containerd_additional_runtimes* - Sets the additional Containerd runtimes used by the Kubernetes CRI plugin.
  [Default config](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubespray/blob/master/roles/container-engine/containerd/defaults/main.yml) can be overridden in inventory vars.

> * *crio_criu_support_enabled* - When set to `true`, enables the container checkpoint/restore in CRI-O. It's required to install [CRIU](https://criu.org/Installation) on the host when dumping/restoring checkpoints. And It's recommended to set feature gate `ContainerCheckpoint=true` for Kubelet to get higher API to simplfiy the operations(**Note**: It's still in experimental stage, just for container analytics so far). You can follow the [documentation](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2022/12/05/forensic-container-checkpointing-alpha/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *crio_criu_support_enabled* - When set to `true`, enables the container checkpoint/restore in CRI-O. It's required to install [CRIU](https://criu.org/Installation) on the host when dumping/restoring checkpoints. And it's recommended to enable the feature gate `ContainerCheckpoint` so that the kubelet get a higher level API to simplify the operations (**Note**: It's still in experimental stage, just for container analytics so far). You can follow the [documentation](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2022/12/05/forensic-container-checkpointing-alpha/).
```

Author: Thanks for correcting the doc :-)
